---
title: Testing 123...
description: Testing past post
---

It is the aim of this template to be super simple to set up. You need to do the following:

## 1. Fork this repository on github

Pretty stratightforward. See [the guide](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/). 

If you name the repository
- `yourusername.github.io`: the GitHub Pages site will be set up for you
- anything else (e.g. `blog`): click on the Settings tab and scroll down to the GitHub Pages section. Then select the master branch source and click on the Save button. This way, the generated site will be available at `yourusername.github.io/repository_name`. 

## 2. Change the settings

Choose the file `_config.yml`, and edit the first few lines, until indicated. If you don't blog in English, search for `lang: "en"` in the file and change it accordingly. If you plan on publishing in multiple languages, choose a default one here and specify other ones in the  actual post's front matter. 

If you use the web editor, commit the changes at the bottom of the page.

Then edit the `_layouts/default.html` file. Change the license name and links to the license, the github repo and the feedback (or just delete them). 

Commit the changes. 

## 3. Add a favicon

This is the file that appears in the browser titlebar, and shortcuts to the page. Place the favicon in the root directory and name it `favicon.png` (obviously, in png format). 

## 4. Populate the blogs with posts

Sample posts (like this one) are located in the `_posts` directory. Check those out (the source code and the generated page as well) and then delete these (and the `README.md` file) and create new ones with a `YYYY-MM-DD-filename.md` naming scheme. Happy blogging!